let's start talking about logistic
regression in this video I'd like to
show you the hypothesis representation
that is what is the function we're going
to use to represent our hypothesis where
we have a classification problem earlier
we said that we would like our
classifier to output values that are
between 0 & 1 so we'd like to come up
with a hypothesis that satisfies this
property that these predictions are
maybe between 0 & 1 when we were using
linear regression this was the form of a
hypothesis where H of X is Theta
transpose X for logistic regression I'm
going to modify this a little bit and
make the hypothesis G of theta transpose
X where I'm going to define the function
G as follows
G of Z of Z is a real number is equal to
1 over 1 plus e to the negative Z this
is called the sigmoid function or the
logistic function and the term logistic
function that's what gives rise to the
name logistic regression and by the way
the terms sigmoid function and logistic
function are basically synonyms and mean
the same thing so the two terms are
basically interchangeable and either a
term can be used to refer to this
function G and if we take these two
equations and put them together then
here's just an alternative way of
writing out the form of my hypothesis
I'm saying that H of X is 1 over 1 plus
e to the negative theta transpose X and
all done is I've taken this variable Z Z
here is a real number and plugged in
theta transpose X so I end up with you
know theta transpose X in place of Z
there lastly let me show you what the
sigmoid function looks like I'm going to
plot it on this figure here the sigmoid
function G of Z also called the logistic
function it looks like this is false off
me or zero and then it rises until I
process 0.5 and the
origin and then it flattens I'll be
gained like so so that's what the
sigmoid function looks like and you
notice that the sigmoid function well it
add some tones at 1 and asymptotes at 0
as Z I guess the horizontal axis is Z as
Z goes to minus infinity G of Z
approaches 0 and as G of Z approaches
infinity G of Z approaches 1 and so
because G of Z outputs values that are
you know between 0 & 1 we also have that
H of X must be between 0 & 1 finally
given this hypothesis representation
what we need to do as before is fit the
parameters theta to our data so given a
training set we need to pick a value for
the parameters theta and this hypothesis
will then they let us make predictions
we'll talk about a learning algorithm
later for fitting the parameters theta
but first let's talk a bit about the
interpretation of this model
here's how I'm going to interpret the
output of my hypothesis H of X when my
hypothesis output some number I am going
to treat that number as the estimated
probability then Y is equal to one on a
new input example X here's what I mean
here's an example let's say we're using
the tumor classification example so we
may have a feature vector X which is
this X 0 equals 1 as always and then our
one feature is the size of the tumor
suppose I have a patient come in and you
know they have some tumor size and I
feed their feature vector X into my
hypothesis and suppose my hypothesis
outputs the number zero point seven I'm
going to interpret my hypothesis as
follows I'm going to say that this
hypothesis is telling me that for a
patient with features X the probability
that y equals one is zero point seven in
other words I'm going to tell my patient
that that tumor Savi has a 70% chance or
a zero point seven chance of being
malignant to write this out slightly
more formally Oh to write this out in
math I'm going to interpret my
hypothesis output as p of y equals 1
given X parametrized by theta so for
those of you that are familiar with
probability this equation may make sense
if you're low less familiar probability
here's how I read this up read this
expression this is the probability that
Y is equal to 1 given X sort of given
that my patient has you know features X
so given my patient has a particular
tumor size represented by my features X
and this probability is parameterize by
theta so I'm basically going to count on
my hypothesis to give me estimates of
the probability that Y is equal to 1 now
since this is a classification task we
know that y must be either 0 or 1 right
those are the only two values that Y
could possibly take on either in the
training set or for new patients that
may walk into my office
in order to the doctor's office in the
future so given H of X we can therefore
compute the probability that Y is equal
to zero as well
concretely because Y must be either 0 or
1 we know that the probability of y
equals 0 plus the probability of y
equals 1 must add up to 1 this first
equation looks a little bit more
complicated but it's basically saying
that probably if y equals 0 for a
particular patient with features X and
you know given our parameters theta plus
the probably of y equals 1 for that same
patient with features X and given fitted
parameters theta must add up to 1 if
this equation looks a little bit
complicated
feel free to mentally imagine it without
that X and theta and this is just saying
that the probability of y equals 0 plus
the probably y equals 1 must be equal to
1 and we know this to be true because Y
has to be either 0 or 1 and so the
chance of YB equals 0 plus the chance
that Y is 1 you know goes to must add up
to 1 and so if you just take this term
and move it to the right-hand side then
you end up with this equation this is
probably y equals 0 is 1 minus probably
y equals 1 and thus if our hypothesis if
H of X gives us that term you can
therefore quite simply compute the
probability or compute the estimated
probability that Y is equal to 0 as well
so you now know what the hypothesis
representation is for logistic
regression and we've seen what the
mathematical formula is defining the
hypothesis for the just regression in
the next video I'd like to try to give
you better intuition about what the
hypothesis function looks like and I
want to tell you about something called
the decision boundary and we'll look at
some visualizations together to try to
get a better sense of what this
hypothesis function of logistic
regression really looks like